Hello everyone and welcome to this python tutorial.
In this video we are going to create the main function for the flask API project when creating a function
for the flask application.
There is one additional thing that we have to do and that is a decorator if you haven't used them before.
It is a statement starting with ADD in Python and it is defined above a function and it provides a more
functionality to it.
In the case of flask with these decorators we connect the python function with a specific Web site wrote
let's define the first one at add dot root.
This app is the name of the flask application already defined before and this road is the root of the
website inside the road function.
Provide the road which the user has to type to access this function.
In the case of API let's choose this one slash API slash we V1.
And here we have to specify a dynamic part of the road which will expect a path to upload file to achieve
these write smaller than bigger than an inside.
We need to specify what type of data is expected.
Is it an integer or a string.
In this case it is a string then followed the data type by the name of the function argument let's put
AMG name the next argument of the road function is to specify what kind of method is expected on this
road methods for a road could be a get post or both.
In this case because we expect data to be uploaded to a server the methods should be post so right methods
and in those brackets right.
Post we are done with our decorator let us define the classify image function define classify image
and the argument name has to be the same one specify in the road to started with our function.
Firstly we need to specify where is our uploaded directory so right uploaded there is equal to upload
flash the next part of the classify image function is to load and upload it.
Image to load an image right image is equal to I am read and I am function takes only one argument and
that is the path to an image for our path.
Right uploaded there plus I am NE at this point we have our image loaded and we are all set to perform
classification to improve the general user experience.
Let's return the class name instead of the class.
Index to do this.
We need to define an array of all class names so Let's paste it right here.
I created this array by copying class names from the main dataset repository if you want.
You can copy the array from the screen right here or you can go to fashion and as GitHub repository
and in the read me you will find all class names.
Now it's time to make prediction right.
Prediction is able to model both predict and because our model expects multiple images or least of images
as an input.
Let's put the input the image in brackets because our model is fully connected network.
We can feed images with a raw shape to it.
To overcome this problem we can simply reshape the input image.
So use dot reshape one because we have only one image and then 28 times 28 and now we have our predictions.
The last thing to do is to return the Jason response to a user right return.
Jason ify this function takes only one argument and that is byte and dictionary and transforms it into
Jason object for the key let's write.
Object detected.
You can set here whatever you want it is just a simple message to a user to explain what it receives
then classes and that is our array of all class names.
And now we need to access an index of a class that has highest probability to do this part right.
MP dot org marks all predictions and because of the carer's outputs shape right.
0 and you're all set and that's it for our last KPI.
If you have any questions or comments please post them in the comments section.
Otherwise I'll see you in the next tutorial.